README.md, before:

# Harmonie IRC

[![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant/harmonie-irc/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant/harmonie-irc/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)

After making a project at 42 school 👩‍🎓 called ft_irc where I create an IRC server, I was inspired to make my own client, but having a bunch of clients already in the market makes the idea of making another one boring 🙄.
So like any sane person 🙃 I challenged myself to at least learn something new in the process since I already know about how to use sockets from the server side, so I turned to my favourite game... Minecraft 🎮!
The game is coded in Java so a perfect opportunity to dive into how my favourite game works to learn a new language 🔤.
So from that moment onwards I strive to make a working IRC client in Minecraft.

Harmonie IRC an IRC client made for your Minecraft world by [Harmonie Durrant](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant).

## 💻 Commands

All commands start with `irc_` to avoid conflicting commands.

`<>`: obligatory argument

`{}`: optional argument

### /irc_connect <ip> <port> <password>

Connects you to an IRC server. (ref: [ft_irc](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant/ft_irc))

`<ip>`: The address of the server.

`<port>`: The port the IRC server is hosted on.

`<password>`: The password needed to access the server.

### /irc_nick <new_nick>

Changes your nickname in the currently connected IRC server.

`<new_nick>`: The address of the server

### /irc_msg <target> <message>

Sends a message to a user/channel in the currently connected IRC server.

`<target>`: The nick of the user or name of the channel you want to send your message to.

`<message>`: The message you want to send

<br>

## What servers are supported?

The client is built using my [ft_irc](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant/ft_irc) repository as the server. [irssi](https://irssi.org) was used as a reference client to make the server.

Tests for more official servers are planned for the future.

<br>

## 🗺️ Roadmap

Basic IRC functionality
- [x] Receive info back from the server
- [x] irc_msg command
- [x] irc_disconnect command
- [ ] irc_join command
- [ ] irc_leave command

Advanced updates
- [ ] irc_disconnect optional password
- [ ] Handle duplicate Nicknames
- [ ] Limit nickname length
- [ ] irc_whois command
- [ ] Operator commands ban, kick, topic
- [ ] Ping server to check connection
- [ ] Auto reply mode (a sort of DND mode)
- [ ] Customize text coloring
- [ ] CAP [LS, REQ, END...] IRC commands
- [ ] Spin up custom server for current world/server

Commit message:

Edit: README.md - irc_disconnect

README.md, after:

# Harmonie IRC

[![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant/harmonie-irc/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant/harmonie-irc/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)

After making a project at 42 school 👩‍🎓 called ft_irc where I create an IRC server, I was inspired to make my own client, but having a bunch of clients already in the market makes the idea of making another one boring 🙄.
So like any sane person 🙃 I challenged myself to at least learn something new in the process since I already know about how to use sockets from the server side, so I turned to my favourite game... Minecraft 🎮!
The game is coded in Java so a perfect opportunity to dive into how my favourite game works to learn a new language 🔤.
So from that moment onwards I strive to make a working IRC client in Minecraft.

Harmonie IRC an IRC client made for your Minecraft world by [Harmonie Durrant](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant).

## 💻 Commands

All commands start with `irc_` to avoid conflicting commands.

`<>`: obligatory argument

`{}`: optional argument

### /irc_connect <ip> <port> <password>

Connects you to an IRC server. (ref: [ft_irc](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant/ft_irc))

`<ip>`: The address of the server.

`<port>`: The port the IRC server is hosted on.

`<password>`: The password needed to access the server.

### /irc_nick <new_nick>

Changes your nickname in the currently connected IRC server.

`<new_nick>`: The address of the server

### /irc_msg <target> <message>

Sends a message to a user/channel in the currently connected IRC server.

`<target>`: The nick of the user or name of the channel you want to send your message to.

`<message>`: The message you want to send

### /irc_disconnect

Disconnects you from the currently connected IRC server.

<br>

## What servers are supported?

The client is built using my [ft_irc](https://github.com/harmonie-durrant/ft_irc) repository as the server. [irssi](https://irssi.org) was used as a reference client to make the server.

Tests for more official servers are planned for the future.

<br>

## 🗺️ Roadmap

Basic IRC functionality
- [x] Receive info back from the server
- [x] irc_msg command
- [x] irc_disconnect command
- [ ] irc_join command
- [ ] irc_leave command

Advanced updates
- [ ] irc_disconnect optional password
- [ ] Handle duplicate Nicknames
- [ ] Limit nickname length
- [ ] irc_whois command
- [ ] Operator commands ban, kick, topic
- [ ] Ping server to check connection
- [ ] Auto reply mode (a sort of DND mode)
- [ ] Customize text coloring
- [ ] CAP [LS, REQ, END...] IRC commands
- [ ] Spin up custom server for current world/server
